You ask Ge Yu what's going on
I like him.
Your liking will harm him
Tell me about it.
What would I do to him?
I just say one word
Can you give him a better future?
Can you take him abroad?
When is the best future going abroad?
How many years has our country been
Why is this still the case?
That's not what I meant. What do you mean?
You feel good, it's just that you think
It's your business what you want to export
Did you ask him?
Would he like to
Why wouldn't he?
To become a good mathematician was his only option
Isn't it?
Their familiarity with the one stated by Toprijson doesn't leave us a few streets away
We study abroad to see what's wrong with them
That's true. At the moment, we really can't compare
But all these years
How much fascinating research has come out of our country?
To the extent that the whole world was shocked
Haven't you seen it?
The pace of development is fast
But he but what but
But you don't believe him at all.
What I saw was an enterprising man
Is a man who is about to stand on top of the world
You don't pitch concepts.
What we are discussing now is the issue of going abroad, not the problem
Tonight Xu Ziliang was right
I just want to win the math Olympiad and bring glory to the country now
Even after I went abroad, I would come back to work.
It's good that you can go abroad
But I don't envy you.
empty talk
For me, grasping the moment is the best choice
Come on.
How did you come here?
Sister Chun, what about the gift you chose for Yueyue last time? Yueyue likes it very much.
This time it's his birthday, I think
Can you do me one more favor?
You still don't know what Yueyue likes?
The latest Mathematical Olympiad data?
Are you sure?
This gift has to be what you like
Sister Chen, wait for me.